README.md, before:

# Automation Task

## Getting Started

**Opening this project**

This project is a Maven project. There are a number of ways you can open this project, however the simplist way should be the following;

*  Open up your IDE
*  Click open project
*  Navigate to the POM.xml the automation-task directory, select and click open
*  Click on Open as a project

**HelloWorldTest**

Contained within the project is a HelloWorldTest. This should give you some insight into how we would like your tests to be structured. It might be worth giving the `helloWorldTest()` to ensure that eveything is set-up and working within your local development environment.

* `automation-task/src/main/java/com/connect_group/pages/helloWorld/SignUpPage.java` - Page object for the Sign Up Page.
* `automation-task/src/main/java/com/connect_group/pages/helloWorld/ReceiptPage.java` - Page object for the Receipt Page.
* `automation-task/src/test/java/com/connect_group/tests/helloWorld/HelloWorldTest.java` - Test class for the HelloWorldTest.

Additional information - https://www.pluralsight.com/guides/getting-started-with-page-object-pattern-for-your-selenium-tests

## Tasks

1.  First task
2.  Second task
3.  Third task

Commit message:

Added some automation tasks into the README

README.md, after:

# Automation Task

## Getting Started

**Opening this project**

This project is a Maven project. There are a number of ways you can open this project, however the simplist way should be the following;

*  Open up your IDE
*  Click open project
*  Navigate to the POM.xml the automation-task directory, select and click open
*  Click on Open as a project

**HelloWorldTest**

Contained within the project is a HelloWorldTest. This should give you some insight into how we would like your tests to be structured. It might be worth giving the `helloWorldTest()` to ensure that eveything is set-up and working within your local development environment.

* `automation-task/src/main/java/com/connect_group/pages/helloWorld/SignUpPage.java` - Page object for the Sign Up Page.
* `automation-task/src/main/java/com/connect_group/pages/helloWorld/ReceiptPage.java` - Page object for the Receipt Page.
* `automation-task/src/test/java/com/connect_group/tests/helloWorld/HelloWorldTest.java` - Test class for the HelloWorldTest.

Additional information - https://www.pluralsight.com/guides/getting-started-with-page-object-pattern-for-your-selenium-tests

## Tasks

Below are a number of tasks which related to the Comparison Tool which can be found on landrover.co.uk

1. Ensure that 6 vehicles are displayed on the "01 Vehicles" step of the comparison tool.
2. Move to and click on the out of view "Discovery Sport" vehicle.
3. After clicking on a vehicle from the "01 Vehicles" step. Ensure user is navigated to the "02 Models" step, but can return back by clicking on the "01 Vehicles" step indicator.
